Fix endpoint error handling properties (#2611)
wso2/docs-ei: en/micro-integrator/docs/references/synapse-properties/endpoint-properties.md

# Endpoints
## Introduction

> A message exit point or an endpoint defines an external destination for a message. Typically, this is the address of a proxy service, which acts as the front end to the actual service. You can configure the endpoint artifacts with any attributes or semantics needed for communicating with that service. An endpoint could represent a URL, a mailbox, a JMS queue, a TCP socket, etc. along with the settings needed for the connection.

Reviewer: Change "proxy service, which acts as... " to "proxy service that acts as..."

For example, the endpoint for the simple stock quote sample is `http://localhost:9000/services/SimpleStockQuoteService`.

Endpoints are independant of transports, which allows you to use the same endpoint with multiple transports. When you configure a message mediation sequence or a proxy service to handle the incoming message, you can specify which transport to use and the endpoint to which the message will be sent.

> 

Reviewer: Change "message will be sent" to "message is sent".

Author: Done

  </tr>
</table>

> The following is the configuration for the address endpoint. Since we all are only interested in error configurations, the same applies for WSDL endpoints as well. The error handling configuration are as follows:

Reviewer: Do not use "we". How about "In this scenario, you can apply the same configuration for WSDL endpoints to create error configurations." Does it give the same meaning?

Author: How about this?

"Note that you can apply the same configuration for WSDL endpoints to create error configurations as well."

Reviewer: Ok

<ul>
   <li>timeout</li>
   <li>markForSuspension</li>
   <li>suspendOnFailure</li>
</ul>

```xml
<address uri="endpoint address" [format="soap11|soap12|pox|get"]
    [optimize="mtom|swa"] [encoding="charset encoding"]
    [statistics="enable|disable"] [trace="enable|disable"]>
    <enableRM [policy="key"]/>?
        <enableSec [policy="key"]/>?
        <enableAddressing [version="final|submission"] [separateListener="true|false"]/>?

        <timeout>
                <duration>timeout duration in seconds</duration>
                <responseAction>discard|fault|never</responseAction>
        </timeout>?

        <markForSuspension>
                [<errorCodes>xxx,yyy</errorCodes>]
                <retriesBeforeSuspension>m</retriesBeforeSuspension>
                <retryDelay>d</retryDelay>
        </markForSuspension>

        <suspendOnFailure>
            [<errorCodes>xxx,yyy</errorCodes>]
                <initialDuration>n</initialDuration>
                <progressionFactor>r</progressionFactor>
                <maximumDuration>l</maximumDuration>
        </suspendOnFailure>
</address>
```

#### Timeout Properties

> The `timeout` element contains the following parameters which are used to consider an endpoint as "timeout" by not being responsive for a specified time duration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `timeout` element contains the following parameters that are used to consider an endpoint as "timeout" by not being responsive for a specified time duration.
```

      </tr>
   </thead>
   <tbody>
      <tr>
         <td>
            <p>Timeout Duration</p>
         </td>
         <td>

>             Connection timeout interval. If the remote endpoint does not respond in this time, it will be marked as "Timeout." This can be in defined as a static value or as a dynamic value.</br>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
            Connection timeout interval. If the remote endpoint does not respond in this time, it will be marked as "Timeout." This can be defined as a static value or as a dynamic value.</br>
```

            </ul>
         </td>
      </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

#### MarkForSuspension Properties

> The `markForSuspension` element contains the following parameters which are used to mark an endpoint as "suspended" after being timed-out for a specified duration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `markForSuspension` element contains the following parameters that are used to mark an endpoint as "suspended" after being timed-out for a specified duration.
```

> The `markForSuspension` element contains the following parameters which is used to mark an endpoint as "suspended" by being timed-out for a specified time duration.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `markForSuspension` element contains the following parameters which are used to mark an endpoint as "suspended" after being timed-out for a specified duration.
```

            Default: 30000.
         </td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
         <td>
            <p>Suspend Maximum Duration</p>
         </td>
         <td>
            <p>The maximum time duration (in miliseconds) for which the endpoint is suspended when the suspend error codes are received.</p>
         </td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
         <td>
            <p>Suspend Progression Factor (progressionFactor)</p>
         </td>
         <td>
            The progression factor for the geometric series. See the above formula for a more detailed description. The duration to suspend can vary from the first time suspension to the subsequent time. The factor value decides the suspense duration variance between subsequent suspensions.</br>
            The endpoint will try to send the messages after the <code>initialDuration</code>. If it still fails, the next duration is calculated as:<code>Min(current suspension duration * progressionFactor, maximumDuration)</code>.</br>
            Default: 1.
         </td>
      </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

##### Sample Configuration:

``` xml
<endpoint name="Sample_First" statistics="enable" >

>     <address uri="http://localhost/myendpoint" statistics="enable" trace="disable">

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    <address uri="http://localhost:8280/myendpoint" statistics="enable" trace="disable">
```
